Feat/property example (#40607)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/@property/index.md

For item three, the `--item-size` value gets set to `1000px`. While `1000px` is a {{cssxref("length")}} value, the `@property` declaration requires the value be a `<percentage>`, so the declaration is not valid and is ignored, meaning the inheritable `20%` set on the parent is used. The `xyz` value is also invalid. As `registerProperty()` set `--item-color` to not be inherited, the default initial value of `aqua` is used and not the parent's `orange` value.

### Using `@property` to animate linear gradient

> In this example we define a custom property `--progress` that animates the position of a progress bar within a linear gradient.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we define a custom property called `--progress` using `@property`: this accepts `<percentage>` values and has an initial value of `25%`. We use `--progress` to define the position value of the color stops in a {{cssxref("<linear-gradient>")}}, specifying where a green color stops, and black starts. We then animate the value of `--progress` to `100%` over 2.5 seconds, giving the effect of animating a progress bar.
```

Reviewer: Or something similar...I just thought a bit more explanation was needed.

```html
<div class="bar"></div>
```

```css
@property --progress {
  syntax: "<percentage>";
  inherits: false;
  initial-value: 25%;
}

.bar {
  display: inline-block;
  --progress: 25%;
  width: 100%;
  height: 5px;
  background: linear-gradient(
    to right,

>     #00d230 0 var(--progress),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    #00d230 var(--progress),
```

I don't think the solitary `0` is needed, from testing?

    #000000 var(--progress)
  );

>   animation: progressAnimation 2.5s ease infinite;

Reviewer: `linear` easing might be better/slightly more typical for a progress bar? Hrm, maybe not; I guess not all progress is linear. I'll leave this up to you.

Reviewer: Yes, totally fair! ;-)

}

@keyframes progressAnimation {
  to {
    --progress: 100%;
  }
}
```

> {{ EmbedLiveSample('Using `@property` to animate linear gradient', '100%', '250px') }}

Reviewer: Change the heading here, too, if you agree with my heading change suggestion above.

Also, you don't need to set the container to `250px` high. `60px` would do, which is the minimum allowed.
